(The set for LOOΠΔ [X X] album photo shoot)
(As always, the shooting started with HeeJin)
HyunJin: I'm waiting for my turn!
HyunJin: Because... the shooting will proceed in order
HyunJin: Look! Sit against the wall like this, and...
HyunJin: Tell them come in
(But why is she conscious of the camera?)
(HyunJin playing the piano, it looks like the 'Around You' 100% LIVE)
HyunJin: Whoo!
(This is a new 'Around You' reinterpreted by HyunJin!)
(This time, Choerry playing a theme song of Harry Potter on the piano!)
Choerry: (Urgent) Okay, sorry~
Choerry: My piano playing is done, like this
(Choerry's piano playing is done, and then HeeJin's photo shooting is finished as well!)
HeeJin: I tried to expresse a butterfly in my style~